docs: add new tutorial unit five (#3323)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/tutorial/4-adding-crud-pages/antd/add-show-page.md

## Understanding the Show Component

-   `<Show/>` is a **refine** component that is used to presentation purposes like showing the title of the page, list button, etc.

    [Refer to the `<Show/>` documentation for more information &#8594](/docs/api-reference/antd/components/basic-views/show/)

-   `useShow` is a **refine** hook that is used to get single record data by using the `id` in the URL. It sends the parameters to the `dataProvider`'s `getOne` function and returns the result.

    [Refer to the `useShow` documentation for more information &#8594](/docs/api-reference/core/hooks/show/useShow/)

### Handling Relationships

In the show page, we have a single record. The record may have relationships with other resources. For example, the `posts` resource has a relationship with the `categories` resource. In this case, we can use the `useOne` hook provided by **refine**. This hook allows us to fetch single record data by using the `id` and `resource` parameters.

[Refer to the `useOne` documentation for more information &#8594](/docs/api-reference/core/hooks/data/useOne/)

> In this tutorial, Inferencer used the `useOne` hook to fetch the category data of the post record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In the auto-generated edit page code,, Inferencer used the `useOne` hook to fetch the category data of the post record.
```

Reviewer: Maybe it more clear like that?
